In tune
and
assistant
the
laugh
a
show
net
1 minute of Dr.arzadze, I want to get some of these
I'm going to get some of these.
Okay, let's do it.
I believe that your full name is Joseph R. McCarthy.
That is right.
You need to introduce him to the state of the country.
Joseph McCarthy, what official position do you hold with the coming of the meeting on government operation?
Chairman.
And what is your official position with this cut committee on education?
Chairman of the committee, but not Chairman of the special committee that is not getting started.
You are the chairman of the committee regularly?
Yes.
The rule is to stand this for the purposes of these hearings.
You step down temporarily as chairman and will succeed by as a person acting chairman chairman months.
That is right.
When did you become chairman on the government operation?
Well, what is the mechanism that you step down on as chairman that he is not a member of the special committee yet?
And you say thereby, that is what it is.
At the moment, I have the committee on the full committee and the full committee's footnote with the watch back on to still have taken place.
I do not agree with the chair.
I want to know if this was a very special committee, which is the regular standing full committee of the call investigation.
Well, the chairman, therefore, will be placed so local to the purpose of these hearings.
That is right.
That is the correct.
I have to confirm.
That is for our basis and in the comments.
My last question, Senator McCrathy, was, might not be to become chairman of this subcommittee.
I can't say anything that I say to the secretary after a personalizing or a demonstration before.
Earlier, the committee in the year 1953, that was right.
Perhaps in January?
Yes, we might.
I have a date here of January 17, 1953.
The program of office, too, was, what, social inquiries have you directed to the attention of your committee?
The impression of your chairman, chief, obviously.
Mr. Durkins, we have had a great number of inquiries.
I believe the total is 450, so the situation is perfect.
443, suffered inquiries.
We have followed the rule of any senator.
If anyone of any kind of voting makes a complaint, we check.
And then it develops a fair amount of conditions.
We are important to hold a call of hearing.
I take it up for the committee.
I assume I assume the gentleman's your refer to the hearings that we have in public.
The first hearing I believe, the importance was the hearing on the information program,
the fifth-partement information program, the filing system in the second department.
The government funding office, I think one of the very important hearings we held was on the trade between the total of three nations
and the communications, theifying red sign of a trade, the minority council, the major funds map.
Let me recreate my question, Senator.
What has been your interest in coming in?
It's been on the both of you, of course, in the government and in the very thickings of the government.
It has been a very deep investment to your judgment because I have felt strongly that,
unless we come out of the coming and its current government, it is a great waste of time, money and blood.
The time comes out from other parts of the South of Old, Adam and third, by the influence of the situation of coming in our government.
I would like to bring up freedom of time to the time we became chairman of the government committee and the respect committee.
You devoted a little of much time to the subject of coming in this country.
Thank you very much, Mr. Duncan.
They were there not on the floor of the city to make decisions with respect to communism,
and particularly for the purpose of warming this country over the question of communists in the United States.
I have Mr. Duncan along the floor of that.
In my campaign in 1946, before I was elected to the Senate, I discussed the subject also, so nothing new by time to time.
You position on communism then I take it as long as I'm senator.
I think so.
You decide to stay and there are good points to earn our identity to oppose each other.
You're not one of the very heads of the head boy.
You're not going to be the president, you're not the president.
Then senator, you have made a special study of communism and the vote is much of your time and your energy.
Do you have a question of coming in the United States?
A great deal, Mr. Duncan.
From the McCarthy, I think it is proper as this time, if you will, then so.
The fellow members of the subject committee and the fellow in the American public,
without going into human details, just what the fellow of the communist is.
The committee was referenced as organization and its various levels in ramifications in this country.
When you do that, Senator McKinney, I would like to know that Mr. Duncan, I construct my testimony on a very great deal.
If I could use the map over here, I don't know where to put that, so the substance is,
and the number of the committee can fit.
If I could have some suggestions.
When I will see a map over there and for the purpose of either the vacation,
it is this is made into the top-owned party organization where it faced the way 1950.
Is that the map to which you refer to the senator?
Is that the map to which you now refer to as?
Which you senator, please.
I'm more than you.
And for you, I'm the boy of it.
I'm going to ask you a question.
You do have to move here, or if you move here to map.
Yes, I would like to move here to map as I discuss it.
Mr. Duncan's, I don't know where, but I should be placed.
The number of the committee can fit.
The first and also first is the suggestion of Mr. McMill.
What do you think about fitting either to a sovereign, or a stable, and any place available to me?
I think it's a rather taken by truck and for the fact that I'll keep it that way.
I think if you put it right on the right hand, I'll be moving more fast than once.
You won't cut off the load and then you'll fall in on the regular bench.
That's okay.
I'll take it away.
Prepare the foot and we'll tell you your technical information.
That is the reason you consider the table and that's the microphone.
Are you saying to be proper?
Well, I've got a good, a good calling voice, Mr. Chairman, and I think I can speak loudly enough
so that the mic will pick it up.
You'll see here, Mr. Duncan, they're now.
You'll most be designated as part of the organization you have made.
February 9, 19, 15, five is up 8,000, down here.
Well, I picked up dates, Mr. Duncan, for two reasons.
Number one, that is the date that I have made.
Publicly, that's the discuss.
The danger of the coming of controversy, that's just a separate discussion during the campaign.
During the number of years.
Number two, because as of now, that's running today, the customer will be prepared to move over,
given last year, it's impossible to know what the outcomes of the various tips that are
through the names of the various district leaders, because many of them have gone underground,
from the oven, above all, half coming up with a convection.
So I picked the February 9 date, that's paying the deferment for 32 districts.
The man, the anecdote, before that, the ordered 12th of Moscow,
they brought the Moscow to a tough coming of later.
The name I couldn't give you up today, then to Papa Zoon as the National Committee,
or the football that is now known as the National Board.
You'll know, Commissioner, family names of the National Committee, William Foster's family,
and William Foster has an embedded, he's been putting away a hearty element of thickness between
the sides for one of the years, or about 15 years.
At least, at least a thousand of the number of years, when you have moved these down,
but the general secretary, there's a general secretary of government in the state,
he has been convicted, got fall, national prosecutor, convicted,
tangling Winston, ordained to a secretary of the president.
We don't know where he is, but I think he has had any special,
John William, from the Labour Secretary of the Convictors, over the various plans.
At least, play the dozen of key of the play of this kind, right?
Then they've convicted John, based convicted, they were seen off the convicted by the candidates.
There he is, we don't know, Mr. Dengen, Erving Fultag, that's one of the three top boys in the party,
Alfred and Victor. Robert Thompson, the Dengen recall that Robert Thompson was a candidate for some time,
he was picked up in the someplace in the Sierra Mountains in California,
a number of months ago about a year ago, I believe, the Italian tear of his looks,
was hiding out, and directing the company's fight from there.
Well, Victor, now Victor is down and I'm not sure if we can figure out some way,
if this we have, we'll have to remember him of a district, I have no significance.
I just remember the Marvick Carley, I don't know what if any number of the companies party had,
they were 32 districts of that time.
Now if they all come up to the chairman left, they'd named the chairman of the various districts,
have little special significance because some of the conditions of the past time you desire district
were individuals who were not named yet, what we have on this side are the individuals who are acting as parts,
the social care of those of the coming of party that part of them above the wall.
There was a big deal, the figures were the districts, I don't think one of the car like,
district 25, 60 votes, and votes of three states.
Under the district head, Act Bary, chairman, post office, twenty-fix twenty-one,
also post office, act nine twenty-nine, thank you for that.
Post office twenty-six ninety-one, our address, nine twenty-nine seventeen, state Denver, Colorado,
Act Bary, chairman, now underneath by their work state committee,
and keep them land if you will, with the guidance of the state committee,
the rest can plan by any state plan, if they committee could flow over another state very well,
when there would be so-called county committee.
Now a county committee makes them both a one county, it might be composed of half a county of three or four times,
and then there was the local cell, and there was the also the local industrial units,
and the industrial units might be composed of two or three or five people,
it seems a three or five of the favorite figures.
Now in addition to this fact, I merely prepared this, Mr. Jenkins,
so that we could get a picture of the type of organization there was,
and if there's no matter what you have here, it's sabotage, you know.
Take the example in the city, we'll say Milwaukee was coming,
there's no question, the part there, our number of individuals,
you know exactly where you saw a log chain or a steel cable,
that cut off the electric power of the city, in case you're welcome to come here as well.
Take the example, Mr. Damon, again using my state of the stunt,
when you first know that there's a unit, there's no just where between, for example,
Apple and the stunt, and what can go with stunt,
they might say about a fine, a coughing of the lens of the telephone cable,
where they might drop a bomb and cut out all telephone communication.
And I'm Mr. Jenkins, the addition of the electric,
if you see the line that there are the organization for two completely across the stunt class,
they have to do with a regular, different type of,
the regulatory, for example, here, Mr. Damon, Mr. Jenkins,
we'll have to stick out a few at random,
a bencomin for you, a for instance, the legal organization,
this job was direct, the education was legal, this is all of the difference,
here's the top man in that, and then there's our elder sponsor,
the organization, for task with nothing fine, 20 particular districts,
for task with, to include the entire ceiling of things.
I'm a technicist, I'm a minister of security,
I go out ahead, I'm a head secretary, I'm a head secretary,
there's a member of the committee, then there's almost a sponsor,
we're all for the organization, again nothing fine, 20 particular districts,
but to the entire ceiling of things, and Andrew Under,
the other two organizations, we're all for the,
the head of the national security, the family,
the logistics organizers for years, Tony Luffabick,
organizers for the total area, Tony Luffabick,
again feels, let me take this poll,
this is Jason Zimmerman, who's the last couple days,
and we'll, uh, link up the,
camera, what I've, what level is this, the number three,
and the big fellow secretary, who's got under different names,
they're both interested,
but in the last week they have an indictment.
Uh, now, there's one other thing that might be a thumb in this,
in 19th-stift days,
the number of coming us in the United States,
as the estimated number, over 54,174,
and over there's an AIC at this point,
how is that number 54,174 coming us in the United States?
In 1950, arrived at that.
That was from the testimony of Vager Hoover,
and the estimated number of fellow travelers,
five hundred and forty thousand,
by fellow travelers, the four-time names,
both were not under the discipline of Moscow,
who were not found to take order,
but individuals who are known to the coming of party,
who are willing to carry out the work of the Communist Party,
and the government should have,
otherwise you will not be able to make a policy,
you're fellow travelers, easy communists,
and if not, public relationship.
So, he's not a communist, uh, uh,
the president comes from the,
he's not under a communist party discipline.
Let's say, for example, I am a lawyer,
and let me give you an example,
what they are in my right hand,
I will associate the communist,
I can be in accordance with former view,
and please, for a good reason,
a pact in re-attack,
then you listen to me as a false traveler,
but not a member of the Communist Party.
I like you whether or not fellow travelers,
are organized, are they just individuals scattered over the country?
No, uh, good President and Mr. Dijkens,
there is no tight organization so far,
so fellow travelers are confined.
For example, we know in the forum here,
there are fellow travelers,
who will speak as the communist,
the President, please,
who will like as the communist,
the President, please.
But they are not away from it,
they can refuse, if not, and win, they will.
It's a completely loose organization,
from and from, um, fairly innocent people.
How is the figure 540,000 representing the number of fellow travelers
in the United States in the United States?
What's the figure, Mr. Dijkens,
and again, I've seen tonight people saying,
you and Dijkens, who were told tales,
I don't want to do that,
but I must call him in the necessary,
uh, Dijkens, who were, have testified on rules
of the February communist,
every minute and there are disciplines and musts,
so I roughly can, unless it's up after that,
fellow travelers, who do their work,
and they are sent with the Denkens,
if you only have, if you only have the 54,000 communists,
you can block out the fellow travelers.
Then we get 6, not 4 easily, these days.
These are the fellow travelers,
the Denkens, a good prospect for membership in the communist party
by reason of his communist regime.
Would you say, uh, he might be a good prospect, Mr. Dijkens,
and probably a thickly-throw-all way,
I assume you would please like to get up.
He might be a good prospect for the next few months,
he might be a good prospect for the next few months,
but the communist party is not aiming for a vast number of them.
As I said over and over and over,
we were policy not-quantant.
They want, from that,
the most communist, the most fussed in any of the already,
and who do their bidding at all times,
as far as numbers are concerned,
they don't want to be great number.
Our next supporter will not be a number of communist,
and the orders from Moscow is increasing or decreasing in the country.
So, 1950, it's pretty decreasing,
but, for example, 1935,
1954, in 1954,
the aftermath of the Cypher over 25,000,
that means a couple of hands.
It is that I'm going to do,
should that be taken as the force of comfort,
the bad people of this nation or not?
No, no, no, no, Mr. Dagen, why not?
Because they are tightening up their organ effects.
The results of the, for example,
the fist hearings conducted by the Chairman of the Committee of the Government,
both by the Nixon, other hearings that closed communist,
they've drilling the drilling from,
or how many were drilled,
at least something, two, in 1948.
The daily of those terminus has followed some to fight up their organ impressions,
and make sure that only got they be able to terminus for also one reason,
Mr. Dagen's why the number of drops is because the communist has been more and more disturbed
by the FBI agents who have under the forties of the FBI,
has been both righted and become members of youth throughout the country.
But now they're being very, very careful about a new member,
and they're giving the communist party the son of the dog in kicking out any of the present members.
Thank you.